

GAME START           5 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC 
ENTRIES CLOSE        9 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC
ELIMINATION BEGINS  11 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC

STRIKES:  V.J. Rada(1)

ELIMINATION CLOCK (WHEN ELIMINATED IF NO VALID RULE IS POSTED)
(Valid rule extends clock 48 hours for submitter and 24 hours for
everyone unelimiated)

Aris        12 Jul 2018 04:29:46 UTC
V.J. Rada   11 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC
PSS         11 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC
Corona      11 Jul 2018 18:52:15 UTC


#1 Aris 5 Jul 2018 12:01:09 -0700
(PROCEDURAL)
My friends and colleagues, now that we are before the court, the honorable
G. presiding, I think we should maintain some decorum. I propose the
following rule, to maintain order in the court: all rules and
pronouncements we see, in the form of arguments shall be.

THE JUDGE RULES
Please all be seated.  The Court recognizes Counsellor Aris's Rule as
having VALID standing.  While the Court approves of the decorum imposed by
this rule and raises an eyebrow of amusement at the rhyming couplet, the
Court also imposes a tenth of a point penalty to remind Counsellor Aris of
the importance of clear grammar before this court.  
Style +0.9.


#2 V.J. Rada 6 Jul 2018 09:54:51 +1000
(DOCKET 1)
I humbly submit this rule and argument to the Court: With respect, for
multiple reasons, this court should rule that Agora is the best game of all
time, and future rules should address this proposition.

THE JUDGE RULES
Counsellor V.J. Rada's standing and rule are recognized as VALID.  Further,
Counsellor V.J. Rada's phrasing at the question before the Court marks em 
as an advocate for Agora, consistency of position will be expected as a
future style determinant.  
Style +1.0.


#3 Aris 5 Jul 2018 23:46:01 -0700
(DOCKET 1)
I humbly submit that while future arguments should address the stated
proposition, they may do so by attempting to either refute or support it.
After all, the court can't really do its job without arguments on both 
sides of the issue. There is a reasonable argument that since FRC is an
older game, originating during the existence Nomic World itself, it has a
better claim to greatness.

THE JUDGE RULES
The Court finds this VALID and marks Counsellor Aris as an opposing 
Council to Agora.  
Style +1.0.


#4 Publius Scribonius Scholasticus 6 Jul 2018 10:57:31 -0400
(PROCEDURAL)
I hereby submit this rule and argument to the Court, on the PROCEDURAL
docket: Recommendations in arguments for the court to rule in a
certain manner are not binding to the court. For the good of the game,
the court ought to recognize "should" as creating a recommendation not
a binding obligation. Finally, the court is reminded that multiple
dockets may be open at once and arguments SHALL be sorted by docket by
the submitter or as being PROCEDURAL. Arguments need only be
consistent with other arguments of eir docket and those arguments
deemed PROCEDURAL, so as to ensure that multiple issues are addressed
simultaneously, The court is asked to recognize FRC-1 as PROCEDURAL.
The court is asked to recognize the later arguments of V.J. Rada and
Aris as being on Docket #1. The Honorable Judge G. CAN and MAY
reclassify rules across dockets, if its original placement was with
arguments on a different issue. Arguments may be placed on multiple
dockets, if they pertain to multiple issues. If a new issue arises on
a docket, all arguments pertaining to that issue SHOULD be put on a
new docket, while remaining on the previous docket.

THE JUDGE RULES.
Counsellor Publius Scribonius Scholasticus presents a VALID argument to
the Court.  This Court notes that the VALIDITY against previous rules only
comes from defining SHOULD as used in previous arguments, such that e 
avoids addressing the actual proposition, which strikes the Court as
Being Sneaky.  While the Court recognizes the that this passes logical
muster, a loss of style is recorded.  The Court notes the distinction
between PROCEDURAL and other Dockets going forward and appreciates the
procedural distinction; however, to limit digressions, Consellors are
recommended (for now) to keep their arguments in either PROCEDURAL or
Docket #1 to avoid style losses.  Finally, the Counsellor's rule seeks to
bind the Court (with reclassification rules) which oversteps the bounds of
eir position - watch it, Counsellor.
STYLE:  1.0 (base) - 0.5 (Should redefinition) + 1.0 (Docket concept) 
       -1.0 (binding the judge) = 0.5
       

#5 Publius Scribonius Scholasticus 7 Jul 2018 19:34:47 -0400
(PROCEDURAL)
In the interest of bringing all evidence and opinions to the discussion,
Acknowledging the burden of maintaining Counselorship,
I request that the court allow Strangers (defined, in these rules as
non-Counselors) to submit evidence and opinions to the court. Such
evidence or opinions should be analysed by all counselors in the
production of their further arguments.

THE JUDGE RULES
Counsellor, this is VALID.  However, what makes you think there are
*any* non-counsellors in this courtroom?
Style:  1.0


#6 Publius Scribonius Scholasticus 7 Jul 2018 19:54:14 -0400
(PROCEDURAL)
In the interest of maintaining decorum, as required by FRC-1, I ask
that the court require all Counselors and strangers to address each
other with the deserved respect. Thus, all Counselors SHALL address
each other in arguments, as My Fellow Counselor. The Right Honourable
Judge G. SHALL be referred to as such, by all Counselors in all
arguments. Holders of Nomic degrees who are Strangers higher than an
Associate of Nomic SHALL be addressed, by all Counselors in all
arguments, as The Learned for a Bachelor of Nomic, The Right Learned
for a Master of Nomic, or The Most Learned for any Doctorate of Nomic.
Holders of the patent title, "Champion", who are Strangers SHALL be
addressed, by all Counselors in all arguments, as The Victorious.
Holders of any Heroic patent title who are Strangers SHALL be
addressed, by all Counselors in all arguments, as The Heroic, or if a
Hero of Agora, the Right Heroic, or if a Grand Hero of Agora, the Most
Heroic. Any current officers of Agora who are Strangers SHALL be
addressed, by all Counselors in all arguments, as The Honourable. Any
current or former Distributor of Agora SHALL be addressed, by all
Counselors in all arguments, as The Right Honourable. I hope that
these rules of Decorum should please the court.

THE JUDGE RULES
VALID.  We've heard from you a considerable amount, Counsellor.  Please
take a seat until someone else has had a chance to speak.
STYLE:  0.0

OOC Comment
In the Original FRC, Style "wins" award a very minor boon, so repeated
entries to increase style aren't really a thing.  Here, since a style
win is equivalent to a validity win, repeated entries for style is a
bit of a loophole.  TO COUNTERACT THAT, from henceforth, the *maximum*
Style I will award any "in a row" VALID entries from one person will
be 0. (does not apply if you're following up after an INVALID entry).


#7 Corona 9 Jul 2018 11:43:52 -0700
(PROCEDURAL)
I submit the following PROCEDURAL argument to the Court: that all of My
Fellow Counsellors SHALL in their arguments include at least one word with
a wildly non-standard 5pe11ink, such as the one in this sentence. This is
necessary, as it allows to more easily differentiate between My Fellow
Counsellors' styles.
  
THE JUDGE RULES
Counsellor, I am forced to grudgingly accept this entry as VALID.  However,
I gave full warning to Consellor Aris concerning grammar, at the beginning
of these proceedings.  Therefore I would remind all attending that this is
a Court of Law, that we do not speak 'l33t' or 'h4x0r' speak as the kids
are calling it these days, and it's imposition on the court, now
unfortunately required, is an anathema to civilisation as we know it.
STYLE: -0.5.

Further, that's quite enough PROCEDURE for this court, for the moment. 
Until further notice (until balance is achieved), arguments applied to
Docket #1 will have a baseline Style 1.0 higher than for procedural
arguments.  
 

INVALID #8 V.J. Rada 10 Jul 2018 08:41:49 -0700
(DOCKET 1)
4g0r4 is the best game of all time for six reasons which I will outline for
you.
-The internet nomic is the best form of game in the world because of its
variance and flexibility.
-Agora is far older than all other internet nomics such as the FRC.
-Agora is far more in line with the initial Suberian intent than other
"nomics" including FRC and Blognomic
-Agora has an excellent and dedicated playerbase.
-Agora is superior to all board games because it is itself, currently a
board game.
 
THE JUDGE RULES
This is INVALID As per #6:  "for you" doesn't address anyone with "deserved
respect" (while #6 doesn't supply every grammatically appropriate address
in the explicit list of titles, the first clause makes it clear that all
forms of address need similar levels of respect - "you" needs to be "your
honor" or "the court" or similar).
(no style)

#9 Aris 9 Jul 2018 21:29:46 -0700
Eff-arr-quee should be considered vastly superior to all other games.
I will refute the arguments of My Fellow Counselor, V.J. Rada, on this
matter.
-Eff-arr-quee is as theoretically flexible as Agora, but has settled
into a more stable game structure. It has regular rounds, which
prevents the problems Agora routinely has with bad economies and the
like.
-Eff-arr-quee is older than Agora, as it originated while Nomic World
still existed. My Fellow Counselor is well, cough, mistaken on this
point. Obviously, since Agora came into existence after Nomic World, a
fact recorded in the Agoran ruleset, it is younger than Eff-arr-quee.
-The original Suberian intent was to allow the game to be whatever the
players wanted. To quote Suber "The substantive portion of the game is
deliberately simple so that the players can decide, through
rule-changes, what kind of game they want to play." [1]
-Agora's playerbase, while no doubt excellent, is not so dedicated as
My Fellow Counselor believes. Note, for instance, that the office of
Rulekeepor is currently vacant, and that there are often vacancies in
such critical offices.
-By My Fellow Counselor's logic, all other board games, being
themselves board games, must be superior to Agora.

THE JUDGE RULES
VALID, and a set of intriguing arguments that would take some refuting
Counsellor.  Style +2.0.



 
 
